Update command format for bin/magento-docker commands in quick ref pe… (#6730)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-quick-reference.md

## bin/magento-docker

> Use `bin/magento-docker` commands to simplify running docker-compose tasks. For example, instead of running separate docker-compose build, deploy, and post-deploy commands to redeploy Magento in a Docker environment, you can run the following command:

Reviewer: It's a little long, but useful. I recommend trimming it just a little:

```suggestion
The `bin/magento-docker` commands simplify running docker-compose tasks. For example, instead of running a separate docker-compose command for the build, deploy, and post-deploy steps, you can _redeploy_ Magento in a Docker environment using the following command:
```

```bash
./bin/magento-docker ece-redeploy
```

> The following example shows the output for the `./bin/magento-docker` command to connect to the bash shell:

Reviewer: No need to repeat the command and add extra fluff. Already, people find this stuff wordy.

Author: I added the sentence because it doesn't flow from the previous paragraph. I don't think this example is even necessary.

> The following example shows the `./bin/magento-docker` command output when connecting to the bash shell:

Reviewer: You say the following is the output, but the command is inside the output code block.

```terminal

> $ ./bin/magento-docker bash

Reviewer: This is the command and should be in a bash code block.
